docs(realtime): troubleshooting WarnSendingBroadcastMessage (#46681)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/troubleshooting/realtime-warn-sending-broadcast-message.mdx

| -------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| A client connects over WebSocket | The first time a client joins a channel for the project, after database migrations run                                                                                                           |
| The tenant health check endpoint | When the health endpoint is called and the project either has an active database connection or has connected clients. Opening the Realtime section of your project dashboard calls this endpoint |
| The scheduled janitor            | Periodically (roughly every 4 hours), when it deletes old messages and recreates the partition window. It only runs for projects that have had a connection established at least once            |

Each of these creates a rolling window of partitions: yesterday, today, and the next three days.

> Note what is _not_ in that list: calling `realtime.send` / `realtime.send_binary`, the broadcast REST endpoint, and subscribe or replication operations do not create partitions. So a project that has never had a WebSocket client connect, and whose health check and janitor have not yet run for the day, has no partition to insert into. Broadcasting from the database before that point produces the warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="note" title="What's not included">

Calling `realtime.send` / `realtime.send_binary`, the broadcast REST endpoint, and subscribe or replication operations do not create partitions. So a project that has never had a WebSocket client connect, and whose health check and janitor have not yet run for the day, has no partition to insert into. Broadcasting from the database before that point produces the warning.

</Admonition>
```

Author: Much better, thanks @ChrisChinchilla !
